GROUP:CET , celestie gladys 5054512, Elham Mohammadi 5073904 , Tahmineh Tabarestani 5065743

# hoist-control-simulator
The code to design, develop, test and deploy is an interactive simulator of hoist with 2 d.o.f, in which two different consoles allow the user to activate the hoist.


## Project Description:

The simulator consists of the following parts:

1. main process: 	forks and executes its child processes (inspection and command consoles) and also 
	detects if there is any error during the execution. 
  
2. command console: gets commands from user through keyboard inputs and sends them to motors using
	myfifo and myfifo2.	
  
3. inspection console: forks and excutes its child processes (motor_x and motor_z). it gets motors 
	position through myfifo3 and myfifo4. it also sends SIGUSR1 to motors if it
	detects SIGINT(ctrl+c) and sends SIGUSR2 if it detects SIGTSTP(ctrl+z)
  
4. motor x: simulates the hoist motor in x axis. it gets command from command console through
	myfifo and sends its position data to inspection console through myfifo3.
	It stops immediately if it gets SIGUSR1, and also resets if it gets SIGUSR2 from 
	inspection console.
  
5. motor z: simulates the hoist motor in z axis. it gets command from command console through
	myfifo2 and sends its position data to inspection console through myfifo4.
	It stops immediately if it gets SIGUSR1, and also resets if it gets SIGUSR2 from 
	inspection console.
  
6. watchdog: Always waits for SIGUSR1 from all other processes and if it didn't catch any for 
	60 seconds, it will send SIGKILL to all of them.
  
7. logfiles: the are two logfiles which are generated by motor processses. motors position data
	store in these files during the simulation process.

